I've made up my mind.
I don't follow anyone
What is this talking about?
Is this a joke? I'm not kidding.
I am already 18 years old.
I can live alone
Pull it down, you child, what are you living alone?
Ah, isn't it noisy?
Yeah, stop fooling around.
You may be 18, but you are still a child
You don't have to persuade me anymore
I will live alone from today on
I will strengthen myself
Oops, it's just nonsense
No, absolutely not.
You as a child
That property of yours
It should be left to us adults for safekeeping.
You can't help it.
Hey, hey, hey.
Yeah.
The house is mine
Let go of mom
You all give me stability
Let's go
Bar
Dad's savings
Funeral expenses
Basically transferred away by the stepmother
For such a small amount of money, let alone going to college
Even life can't be guaranteed
I really want to sell my house
The house is the only face of my dad
Can't sell